# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by implementing detailed comments, properly sourced and credited code databases, and reusable functions and variables. It was advantageous to work this way due to the use of CRUD in the projects. We began with CR in the initial project and tied to together with UD in the second project. Because the original methods were written in a clear and simple way, it made implementing CRUD as a whole easier. I can then use this CRUD method in different applications that require basic operations on a database.

As a computer scientist, I approach a problem by always reading the requirements first and many times. This helps me to get a solid foundation on what is necessary for the project. However, this class required me to approach things differently by closely studying not only the requirements, but also the dataset that I would be working with for the dashboard, as I needed to understand what information was listed and how it worked together in order to display it clearly. In the future, I would continue to use this strategy as it gave me a good understanding.

Computer scientists create technological solutions to a breadth of problems that many industries face. This work is important because it helps to support the advancement of these industries, as well as the tech industry itself. When solutions are created, work becomes optimized for clients, and therefore they can focus on more important ways to innovate. This will help Grazioso Salvare to become more efficient with matching shelter animals with the best rescue field for the breed.
